





Which badge did you create and what was the initial intended purpose behind
the badge?

Def Con Darknet Badge.  The badge was a learn to solder kit as well as a tool
for players, or as we call them, agents in the contest to use to communicate
with one another.

What interested you in PCB creation / badge making?

I've been working with electronics since I was a kid.  But I was interested in
electronic badges after first seeing the electronic badges that Joe Grand
made.

Did you have a budget to start with if not how did you get funds?

We have a rough BOM cost we shoot for each year.  The money to build the
badges each year is funded out of pocket by people who run the Darknet
contest.

What advice would you give to others interested in making a badge?

Start simple and build up complexity.  Don't underestimate the amount of work
which is required in putting together a badge.

Did you find having a team of different specializations worked for you or did
you prefer to solo you badge creation?

We split the work up based on specializations.  So I mostly work with the
hardware, and cmdc0de works on the software.  We also have a few others who
chip in on hardware and software, but it's mostly the two of us.

Do you feel if badge life / badge makers went away the con would still have
the same appeal for you?

Most of the badge related work I do happens far before Def Con takes place.  I
tend to be very busy working on running other contests during Def Con.
However the friendships and comaradary I've gained from the badge making
community would certainly be missed.  But there would be no shortage of things
for me to do.

What was the biggest hardship in the creation of your badge?

In the past we have had flaws in the PCB design which have caused a
significant amount of work for the Darknet and HHV volunteers to help people
assembing the badge.

What was your biggest success?

This past year, was our most popular badge so far.  We were successful in
learning from previous years mistakes, and even though we had more badges,
there were significantly fewer problems associated with the badge.

Did you lose money making your badge or did you make a profit?

We make a profit each year from badge sales, which go toward running the Def
Con Darknet contest, as well as allow us to donate money to the EFF each year.

If you did make a profit would you consider it a decent livable wage for the
man hours involved amongst all the participants?

The hours put in toward development and making the badges each year end up
being something we give toward making the Darknet contest better.  That time
isn't compensated by the money we make in badge sales.  But we do get a lot of
personal satisfaction in making a contest that people love to participate in.

Do you plan to make a badge for DC26?

Yes.

Would you ever quit making badges?  If so why?

I don't know if I would quit, but could see working on other projects.

Do you have any regrets or things you wish would have been done differently?

You always regret your mistakes.  But it happens and as long as you use that
to learn and do things differently, it's not too bad.

Are you overall proud of your final result or do you feel you could have done
more or less for a better outcome?

Yes.  The popularity of the Darknet Badge every year lets me know I'm doing
the right thing.


perl -e 's==UBER?=+y[:-o]}(;->\n{q-yp-y+k}?print:??;-p#)'