1.  WTF is nerdcore or hackcore? 

 My favorite answer to this has been the one I've heard Frontalot give, "Nerdcore is just like regular rap but you just don't have to look cool while you're doing it."  Really nerdcore is just about stuff we do every day, and that ranges from computers, games, infosec...  just anything we're interested in or experiencing.  Nerdcore, to me, is more of a scene than a genre.  It's just nerds making rap about while being nerds.

2.  What brought you into making this genre of music?

I have been creating indie rap for a very long time, me and Dual Core both kinda came out of a scene that was already doing hiphop music before people started calling us Nerdcore, I think...  For me, I did a show with MC Frontalot and we wound up being talked about by some nerdcore blogs...  6 months later everyone was calling us nerdcore and we decided we were okay with that.  haha.  It was not what I expected to happen but it's changed my life immeasurably as a result.  I literally have my day job (I'm a systems administrator for an academic publisher) because a fan of my music knew someone who got me the interview.  Many of my best friends are only in my life because we met through this subgenre.  It's amazing.

3.  If you life as epic as your songs?

I hope so.  Most of my music is super personal, honestly a lot of it is about being epicly depressed.  haha.  I think I'm very fortunate that I am in a position where I get to pursue my passions as an artist and my interest in computers in equal measure.  I get to travel and meet new awesome people constantly, I'm always getting to learn new things...  I am always busy it seems like, but I am rarely bored.

4.  Any great stories from performances at DC besides meeting me you would like to share :P.  (Thanks for the photo I will be putting it in the slide)

Oh, man.  DC is such a whirlwind, it's like... constant activity.  There was one point where we played this hotel room where it was like 110 degrees, so we wound up  shirtless and Int80 and I freestyled over Anti-Up by MOP and it was absolute chaos and it stands out as one of my favorite moments.

5.  Tell us about your process of making the music we all love.

My process varies a lot.  I produce my solo stuff, and also the stuff I do with Dual Core as The TroubleShooters, so a lot of times I start out with the beats.  The process for me changes all the time or even just from track to track...  generally it starts with the beat, though.  I'll get a melody together, play some drum part on pads or chop up a drum break and then either layer samples I chop from old obscure music from my vinyl collection or just play guitar and bass and keyboards on it and from there I'll start thinking about words.  I treat every song like a problem I need to solve.  I think the most flattering thing anyone's ever said to me was when Int80 watched me speed-run  a beat and said, "You're like a hacker for making beats!"

6.  Share any interesting stories that would be entertaining to the conference attendees or any life stories you would like shared.

When me and int80 got drunk at my house while recording the TroubleShooters EP we played Tecmo Bowl for Nintendo one night and I was so drunk I couldn't figure out how to pass and he beat me by like 100 points.






If you need links, my bandcamp stuff is

https://mikalkhill.bandcamp.com
https://thetroubleshooters.com

and howcouldyoudothisto.me takes you to my primary website.

